#Chapter: 729
#Author: Dạ Kiêu

“Qingcheng… What happened to her?” The eyeballs couldn’t help but shrink, Zhuo Fan hurriedly shook Dan’er that skinny little body, and cried out.

Each gulp and each gulp of air, Dan’er’s face was filled with grief, and her eyes were filled with tears: “And Ruo Hua sister, Qing’er sister, they… They all…”

The facial skin slightly contracted, Zhuo Fan coldly said: “I don’t care what kind of person he is, you tell me, what happened to Qingcheng?”

Zhuo Fan’s eyes were filled with coldness, two streaks of tears fiercely stared at Dan’er’s eyes, and directly scared her to the point her body shook, not daring to speak again.

“Ah, steward Zhuo, you let her slowly speak, watching this child panic… .” Kui Lang saw, hurriedly opened his mouth to advise, then looked towards Dan'er seriously said: "Little girl, you quickly say, what exactly happened, we will definitely help!"

Deeply looked at everyone, Dan'er pondered for a moment, finally sobbed and said: "Sect Master... Sect Master they want to capture our five sisters' bodies, for young master to treat!"

Eyebrows shook, Zhuo Fan's complexion was already instantly gloomy, gritted teeth and said: "I know that brat is sick, born with insufficient Five Elements, but didn't think that he not only has a sick body, even his brain is sick, and his mother has a sick body, and dares to bring the idea to attack this old man's woman..."

Feeling Zhuo Fan's body that surging killing intent emanating, Dan'er couldn't help but look at Zhuo Fan with fear, but didn't dare to speak. But somehow, Zhuo Fan's overwhelming murderous aura actually made her feel a little at ease at the same time, as if she finally found the Savior's feeling.

Kue Lang gently patted Zhuo Fan's shoulder, letting him calm down, then continued to say: "Specifically what happened, you say it clearly, we should also think of a way to save people!"

"Good, it really is like that..."

Slightly nodded, Dan'er calmly calmed down a little of the excitement in her heart, opened her mouth and weakly said: "After the Twin Dragons Meeting, we returned to the sect, the first day was fine, but late at night, several elders brought us several sisters' cultivation levels one by one, and sent us to a secret room. That place, the sect master and the young master were both there. Only then did we know, the so-called Zhou Tian Si Yuan Formation, was created to cure the young master's innate Five Elements deficiency."

“We go to participate in the Twin Dragons Meeting, also just to the greatest extent test the might of the Zhou Tian Si Yuan Formation, whether or not it reaches the requirements. After all, only when facing the enemy, life and death, can we release all the might of the formation. Later, the elder feels that we are qualified, so he finally wants to capture us to give Young Master treatment!”

The eyebrow slightly shook, Shuang’er hurriedly asked: “How to treat?”

“The Zhou Tian Si Yuan Formation relies on the Yuan Ling physique of a virgin, inducing the power of the Zhou Tian, ​​using the purest to help Young Master cleanse the tendons and marrow, and regenerate the Five Elements. Finally…”

Speaking up to here, Dan’er’s face involuntarily turned red, and her voice also lowered: “Finally using the blood of a virgin to break the body, inducing the Five Elements’ power, only then can we completely heal Young Master’s body!”

Bang!

A loud bang, Zhuo Fan's hand below a big rock was crushed by him just like that, his eyebrows trembled viciously: "In other words... That colorless young master, is wanting Qingcheng's body?"

"It's not just that..."

Can't help but wipe away Ba Sa's tears, Dan'er sobbed and said: "Originally we used the force of the universe to heal the body of the young master, there's nothing, everyone contributed for the young master's first time, except for Qingcheng sister outside, everyone is together with the young master grew up, although not many are willing, but can save his life, everyone sacrifices a little bit is fine. However, absolutely did not think of... "

"Didn't think of what?" Everyone shouted and asked.

Dan'er's crying grew louder, wiping her tears and saying: "Young master, he actually Xiang Qing'er elder sister's primordial spirit was completely absorbed, he acted when he looked so terrifying, Qing'er elder sister instantly turned into a dry person, at that time it seemed that even the sect master couldn't believe it, was stunned... . . ."

"This is the demon path's Cai Yin Replenishing Yang technique, this brat has entered the demon!"

The eyelids couldn't help but shake, Zhuo Fan gritted his teeth and said: "I'm afraid that it would be at that time in that small town, led into the heart demon by this Yan Ma brat. However Yan Ma is a demon path cultivator, cultivating is also this path, self-control is proficient. But this Xuan Shaoyu's Sinking Lun demon nature, completely collapsed, hard to control!"

"So that's how it is, it's all that Yan Ma's fault..."

"Shut up!"

Looking at Dan'er's loud and clear cries, Zhuo Fan couldn't help but glare at her fiercely and coldly said, "The righteous path is the path of leaving the world, and what is most important is purity of heart and desire, which is not easy to sink into the devilish nature. However, in his heart, is born evil want, sooner or later enter the devil. The Flame Demon that time is also just a fuse, in the end still is his own mind is not right, sinking in desire, who the hell to?”

In the heart unconsciously trembled, Dan’er momentarily silent, not daring to say anything.

Eyebrows attentively twisted into a question, Zhuo Fan long spit out a mouthful of turbid air said: “Qingcheng and the others how, how did you escape?”

“Qingcheng elder sister seems to have known all this long ago, early made preparations, in her mouth already holding poison pill. If they dare to use force, then One Soul Two Scatter. She said she followed you have half a year appointment, half a year later you have not come, she will leave the sect master them. If you come, hearing your answer, she can also rest assured to leave. Moreover, she uses this to protect his people.”

Always sobbing the corner of the mouth, Dan'er deeply said: "Afterwards, we were sealed cultivation, but still can act freely. It seems that Qingcheng elder sister had prepared early, one day she brought us to the cold light cave. That place, is the place where Cold Tianying senior sister faces the wall. Suddenly, Cold Tianying senior sister broke the wall and came out, opened our seal. We headed out to kill together, but there were sect elders offering to stop, also only I was lucky to run out, Yu elder sister was caught back..."

"What, Tianying?" The eyeballs couldn't help but shrink, Kui Lang couldn't help but cry out in fear.

Deeply glanced at him, Dan'er confusedly nodded: "That's right ah, Tianying senior sister is Qingcheng elder sister's previous Cold Light Sword holder, originally she should have Zhou Tian Siyuan Formation one of the people. However, it seems like she broke the sect rules twenty years ago, and went around with the demon sect, and was punished by cold light to face the wall. However, now I guess, she broke her virgin body, and was abandoned. Otherwise, Tianying's sister's fresh and juicy body, such a rare thing, how could the sect give up and abandon her, in the end the sect master tried every possible way to find her a replacement, and finally found Qingcheng sister!"

"Tianying, you..." The eyelids shook slightly, Kui Lang gritted her teeth and said: "How is she now?"

Pondering for a while, Dan'er helplessly shook her head: "I don't know, after I escaped, they were all captured, I don't know what the outcome was! However, I think, Tianying sister definitely already knew all of this behind the scenes, so Qingcheng sister had prepared. After all, since Qingcheng sister entered the sect, it was Tianying sister who had been taking the blame to teach her, inheriting the Hanguang Sword!”

Deeply closing her eyes, Kui Lang’s whole body trembled, her teeth clenched tightly, her face was full of worry!

Ba!

Suddenly, a small sound came out, Zhuo Fan’s palm heavily hit his shoulder. Kui Lang was stunned, calmly looked away, and saw Zhuo Fan’s gloomy face, very terrifying!

“That cold Tianying… is your woman!”

His eyes slightly narrowed, Zhuo Fan coldly spoke: “Rest assured, Qingcheng is a smart person, if she can save one, she can save a bunch. The key is, this time thank you that woman, otherwise even if I go there, I guess it’s already too late. With my own strength, there’s no way to snatch back two women from a sect. But now it's different, the half year deadline hasn't come yet, I have time, I can mobilize troops and generals, and take down Huyen Thien Tong!"

The body can't help but shake, Kui Lang surprisedly looked towards Zhuo Fan, a face shocked color. Dan'er is also in the heart shocked, inconceivable look over!

Xuan Tian Zong is actually one of the nine sects of the West Continent, normally the sects clash a little bit is still possible, but really want to start a war, also not joking, perhaps will immediately lead to Song Long Yuan participate.

This responsibility, not who can bear!

However, Zhuo Fan once angry, also will not care so much. Even if the aftermath is very troublesome, that is also behind the matter, he now if again does not act, that time then will regret for life!

Eyes slightly narrowed, Zhuo Fan on the body murderous aura can't be stopped to spread outward, the rest of the people looking towards him have completely dumbfounded. Particularly Dan'er, in the eyes is even more a bit confused, this person in the end is the person crazy, still the overlord. ..

Whoosh!

Suddenly, two wind-tearing sounds rang out, two white-clothed old men had suddenly appeared in front of everyone, looking from afar, they were actually two Hua Xu fourth level experts.

“Ah… It’s Elder Li and Elder Chang!” The pupils couldn’t help but shrink, Dan’er was so scared that her face turned pale, she shouted loudly.

The two old men saw this, and suddenly let out a mocking smile, then glanced at everyone, the highest strength was only Kui Lang, Hua Xu second level cultivator, they didn’t even put everyone in their eyes, and even let out a mocking sound.

“Dan’er, you little girl, you think you’re really able to run out of my Huyen Thien Tong's hand... .”

Bang!

An elder right at a face disdainfully looked at Dan'er, mockingly spoke, but suddenly heard a loud sound suddenly emitted, immediately followed by blood mist filled the sky, drifting all around, that roaring sound also suddenly disappeared without a trace.

And at the place he disappeared, also suddenly appeared a height of 100 zhang crimson giant dragon, was Zhuo Fan that Great Strength Red Dragon King appeared. The sharp dragon claw tightly grasped below a pile of rotten flesh, stinking blood from under the claw rolled out.

And that giant dragon behind, was Zhuo Fan gloomy eyes!

One move, just one move, a Transformation Void fourth level expert, instantly fell, spirit soul destroyed. The remaining one other White Robed Elder, looked up at everything in front, was already completely shocked to be dumbfounded.

Not only him, even Dan'er also couldn't help but be dumbfounded, really deep look towards Zhuo Fan there.

Zhuo Fan strength how strong, in her heart she understood, but she absolutely did not think, Zhuo Fan at this time would be like that anger to the sky, basically did not pay attention to the other party any few words, said to attack then attack.

It can be seen, Chu Qingcheng encounter, has let him move the official anger!

"Heavenly Dragon Divine Soul, Great Strength Red Dragon King?"

The eyes fiercely contracted, that old man looked at Zhuo Fan with a face of horror, trembling body said: "You... You are the young master they said that, at the Twin Dragons meeting above the brilliant halo monster, the Demon Book Sect Zhuo Fan?"

The corner of the mouth crossed a cold curve, Zhuo Fan unconsciously snorted and said: "Correct, unfortunately there is no reward!"

Crash!

Another loud bang, the Great Strength Red Dragon King's other giant claw had already fiercely smashed down, and in a blink of an eye, that elder didn't even let out a miserable howl, and had suddenly lost all vitality, turning into a mass of blood, scattering in all directions...


