#Chapter: 730
#Author: Dạ Kiêu

Huu huu huu!

Solved the two chasing after Xuan Tian Zong elders, Zhuo Fan retrieved his soul, in his hand Holy Spirit Minerals continuously flashed, immediately at Kui Lang and the others around arranged a hidden aura formation.

Poof!

A clear fluctuation flashed, the figures of the people immediately disappeared inside.

“You guys wait here, don’t mess around, I’ll return to the sect to find someone to help!” Sweeping everyone’s glance, Zhuo Fan turned around at this time, and wanted to leave.

Khui Lang pondered for a while, suddenly said: “Steward Zhuo, the sect master will not agree to go to war with Xuan Tian Zong!”

“Whether he agrees or not is not important, I will drag our people over!” Eyes slightly squinted, a ray of starlight flashed and disappeared, Zhuo Fan in the heart already had a plan, stepped down immediately flew back toward the Demon Book Sect inside: “Also, Kui Lang, they leave them to you to take care of!”

“Rest assured, steward Zhuo, Kui Lang’s righteousness is unforgiving!” Far away cupped a fist, Khui Lang’s face complexion was solemn, secretly sighed in the heart. Butler Zhuo, you must definitely want to come up with a solution, your Miss Chu, and my that lady’s life, but is entrusted to you on the body…

Swoosh!

Half a month later, Zhuo Fan once again returned to the Demon Book Sect’s barrier entrance, the seal in his hand struck out, but heard a clear sound of fluctuations resound, the void inside then suddenly came to appear an entrance, followed him slowly walk in.

“Stop, who?”

Suddenly, a loud shout, a disciple immediately jumped out, blocking Zhuo Fan in front, but when he saw that it was Zhuo Fan, his neck immediately shrank, a face of apologetic smile: “So it was Steward Zhuo who returned, sorry, just now the disciple was abrupt!”

“Nothing to worry about!” Slightly waved his hand, Zhuo Fan was not offended at all.

The disciple scratched his head, a face of shame: “Xie Steward Zhuo does not blame you, alas, that group of brats, according to the rumors, said that Steward Zhuo had left the sect and did not return, causing the disciple to be sad for half a month. Now Steward Zhuo, has not returned, ha ha ha. . .”

“How is it, do you miss me very much?” Brows furrowed, Zhuo Fan chuckled.

Neck stiffened, that disciple extremely seriously nodded: “Of course, if not for Butler Zhuo’s words, we these handyman room people, still living a life worse than pigs and dogs, forever without sunshine, unable to get promoted. But now is different, although the small group’s strength is not enough, unlucky to enter Butler Zhuo’s elite handyman room, but at least there is a hope, thinking that next year I can enter, ha ha ha. . .”

“That’s good!”

Gently patting his shoulder, Zhuo Fan smiled: “However, like you think, how many people are there?”

Can't help but be stunned, that disciple didn't understand the meaning, but still said the fact: "Steward Zhuo for us great kindness, handyman room brothers all thank you, later enter the elite handyman room those initially inner sect outer sect disciples, also all get practical benefits. Think of the whole sect more than half of the elder disciples, will be grateful to Steward Zhuo for the sect to do all!"

"That there are still a small number?"

"They are probably also inner sect elders confidants, guess hate you hate to death, ha ha ha..."

Glancing at each other, the two people unconsciously laughed out loud together.

Correctly nodded, Zhuo Fan in heart feel at ease, suddenly eyes stern a bit, calmly said: "Like this, I ask you to help, how many people are willing?"

"Steward Zhuo this is polite, but please order, rush through the fire, do not refuse!" Fiercely cupped fist, that person extremely sincerely said.

“Very good, that sect master is here?” Satisfied nodded, Zhuo Fan one side toward the inner sect direction to go, one side in mind calculate the troops.

“Ha ha ha… Steward Zhuo, this is your great merit.”

Unconsciously laughed, that person one side praised said: “You know, recently sect master is but very busy, basically not in sect fooling around. Since you at Twin Dragons meeting above brilliant halo, how many big empires have started to throw out olive branches to us, want us to stay in their place, there is even more is only the upper three sects can enter to stay. Sect master these days extremely happy, has been out with the great empires royal family to exchange the matter of staying!”

The body slowed down slightly, Zhuo Fan turned his head to look at him, and gave a wicked laugh: “In other words, the sect master is not here now?”

“Ah… It’s like that!” Suddenly stunned, the disciple nodded blankly.

The corner of his mouth flashed a strange curve, Zhuo Fan nodded: “Ha ha ha… This way is just right, on the contrary it is much more convenient.”

Speaking, Zhuo Fan strode towards the inner sect, leaving only the disciple in a daze, like a monk who can’t find his hair!

What does Butler Zhuo mean, it’s so strange…

Dang dang dang!

Each word Qing Yang The bell sound echoed throughout the sect, all the elders worshiping all startled, not very clear toward the direction of the inner sect main hall to walk.

“His grandmother, this his mother is who is banging the bell, summoning the elders worshiping to discuss? The Twin Dragons meeting just ended, only two days of leisure, this again has what big matter, want the whole sect to discuss?” An elder, a face of resentment toward the sect walked, on the face filled with unwilling three big words.

Another worshiper walked before him, unconsciously snorted: “You idiot ah, now the sect master is not here, the whole sect also only has the great worshiper has this power. However, the great worshiper has always been deep in residence and has not gone out, never rang this bell, but there is also a arbitrarily arbitrary power ah. . .”

“Stone worshiper?” The corner of the mouth can’t help but twitch, that elder helplessly shook his head: “In their sect has failed miserably, our elite miscellaneous service Elder Chamber worship is now double theirs, what does he want to do? Could it be that he wants to take advantage of the sect master’s absence to usurp power and seize the throne?”

Helplessly shrugged, that worship is also frowning, refusing to give an opinion: “Who knows, ha ha ha… However, he should not have that strength right now!”

All elder worship, are all heading towards the inner sect main hall to act, in the eyes are all flashing with bewilderment.

Shi worship in his own courtyard, brows deeply wrinkled, sighing endlessly. Beside him, is following his beloved disciple, Lu He is serving by the side.

“Lu He, those guys… All contacted!” Raised eyes to glance at him slightly, Shi worship whispered.

Bowing his head, Lu He solemnly said: “Reporting to the master, they have all agreed, just waiting for this place to have an incident!”

“Humph, an incident? People all run away, what matter can come out?”

Unconsciously snorted, Shi Gongfeng helplessly shook his head: “In this world there are still really people who regard fame and wealth as scum, almost leave the robe, hide deep merit and name! Zhuo Fan ah Zhuo Fan, you do this noble, finish the job then leave this place, leave there very good future not to care? Still… You have seen through this place’s dangerous situation, gentlemen do not stand under the wall about to collapse, meritorious officials retreat?”

In the eyes flashed a saying Dao star light, Shi Gongfeng could not help but continuously smile bitterly, somewhat depressed, always waiting for this moment to finally come, but suddenly stopped talking, let him have the strength not to be able to use it, is really extremely depressed.

Lu He looked at the side, also helpless, secretly lamented Zhuo Fan's work, always like that out of intention, making people unable to see through ah...

Dang dang dang... ..

Suddenly, Qing Yang bell sound transmitted into his small courtyard, Shi Gongfeng brows knitted, looked towards the inner gate direction, deeply frowned: "Xie Wuyue that little devil is not here, except this old man who still dares to knock on the inner gate great hall that giant bell?"

In the heart pondered a bit, Shi Gongfeng suddenly eyelids just lifted, again shining with vitality: "Go, go take a look, perhaps our plan has not yet completely soaked in hot water!"

Said, two people one in front one behind hurriedly headed towards the inner gate!

And at the same time, the inner gate great hall, was already crowded with people, packed with people. All the elders worshiping, all looked in disbelief towards the one person in the hall, that person was undoubtedly Zhuo Fan.

The inner sect hall's big bell, was also rung loudly by him!

"The Demon Book Sect's all elders worshiping, the people who came are not much different!" Coldly sweeping everyone a glance, Zhuo Fan cleared his throat, calmly said.

Eh!

Everyone unconsciously stagnated, their faces were filled with suspicion, Bai Gong Feng gently stroked his beard, one face looked at Zhuo Fan in confusion, asked: "Steward Zhuo, what do you mean by this? This inner sect big bell, originally only the sect master and grand worshiper can ring loudly. Although during that time there were quite a few people who arbitrarily overstepped their authority, but you are still a disciple after all, if you have something to ask us to do, it's fine, why make such a big commotion!"

“Hehe… Bai Gongfeng, what do you mean just now, who arbitrarily overstepped his authority?”

Right at Bai Gongfeng just finished speaking, a Shi Gongfeng of a sect elder at this time refuted: “The Great Gongfeng always sees the head but not the tail, in the sect affairs rarely participates, later Shi Gongfeng comes forward to handle it, how did he ring the bell to organize the inner sect meeting, how did he overstep his authority?”

“Humph humph, he still doesn’t count as overstepping his authority, not in power, do you know?” Coldly laughing, Bai Gongfeng mocked back.

That person’s face was angry, needing to argue back, Zhuo Fan suddenly came to take out a bright token, in the middle of the word “Evil”, stabbed into the person’s eyes for a moment of dizziness, coldly said: “I have this, is it considered overstepping his authority?”

Sect Master token?

The eyeballs couldn’t help but shrink, all the elders The old worshiper at this time body shook, then all kowtowed: “Greetings to the sect master!”

Meeting as if seeing someone, Zhuo Fan has the sect master’s token, is equivalent to Xie Wuyue personally coming!

Just so happens that Xie Wuyue is not here, in the mountain there is no tiger, the monkey calls the king, Zhuo Fan at this time borrows the tiger’s prestige to say: “Following the sect master’s order, all the elders of the Demon Sage Sect pay homage and obey!”

“Yes!”

Bowling deeply, everyone present no longer dares to have any objections.

Coldly looking at them, Zhuo Fan shouted loudly: “From now on, all the elders of the Demon Sage Sect pay homage and listen to my command, cannot disobey. If not, deal with the sect rules.”

“Yes!” Everyone kowtowed again!

“Like this, now the entire sect up and down, the venerable disciple elder together follow me to set off, personally charge of Xuan Tian Zong!”

What?

Can’t help but slightly startled, everyone all can’t believe looking towards him. He brought all the venerable elder to Xuan Tian Zong, this is wanting to do what? Everyone just left, this sect void not to mention, suddenly ran to other people’s territory, but is very easy to happen a major event ah!

In a moment, everyone hesitated endlessly, hard to decide, this is really the sect master’s intention?

Even if it is Bai cung phuong and Thich cung phuong waiting for Zhuo Fan’s people, looking towards Zhuo Fan’s gaze is also a bit strange. The entire sect’s expert moves together, this is also too unreasonable ah!

Only one person, looking towards the body in high position Zhuo Fan, issued this shocking everyone order, the eyes revealed a joyful color, and is hurriedly ran to Shi Palace Worship without a doubt.

Hehehe... Zhuo Fan, you finally returned, and also made such a big commotion, very good!

Since that's the case, then this old man will help you!

In the eyes flashed a terrifying starlight, Shi Palace Worship's mouth corner revealed a trace of old fox like smile... . .